---
layout: post
title:  "Void: The Social Chaos Network"
date:   2015-02-24 13:38:28
categories: opencv
---

A social chaos network.

You, the unsuspecting user joins www.void.systems, an invitation only network of interesting people. After filling out your profile you search for a friend by their email and add them. Your friend’s picture shows up on your profile and you send them a message…

“Hi, friend, I am in the void.”

Now, in Facebook the message would go to your friend. However, in Void there is a small and unknown random chance that we will just send your message to someone else in the network. It could be a friend of yours, it might not be. You may send two just to increase your odds that the message actually makes it to your friend.

You see, in the void, there is an element of failure. Never to deliver on an action, everything you do, a status update, a new profile picture *will* go somewhere, it just sometimes may not go to the right place. Even a small percentage of your friends may disappear, or new friends may appear. You never know in the void.

Inside the void, there lives a Chaos Monkey. He/it is a random forest algorithm with a ranging percentage less than 10% where he will effect all users across features at varying intervals of time. The Chaos Monkey can be bought off but why do that? He makes life on a social network—in the digital world-much more interesting. You will meet people you never met, get messages from real people never meant for you, explore in a way in the online world with a randomness only available in the real one.

That is the concept of void.